PREVIOUSLY ON
"GREY'S ANATOMY"...
I'M TOUCHIN' THE AORTA.
(Preston) O'MALLEY?
YES, SIR?
YOU JUST FLEW SOLO.
(Alex) O'MALLEY PLUGS A HOLE
WITH HIS FINGER,
AND EVERYONE WALKS AROUND LIKE
HE'S SOME KIND OF HERO.
I HAVE ONE OFF DAY.
YOU CHICKENED OUT.
I HESITATED BRIEFLY.
WHY DIDN'T YOU KISS IZZIE?
CRISTINA.
IT'S MY FIRST DAY BACK.
I'M NOT WAITING FOREVER.
OKAY, WE'RE A COUPLE.
WHATEVER. DON'T MAKE
A BIG DEAL ABOUT IT.
SO PICK ME.
CHOOSE ME. LOVE ME.
DEREK,
HAVE YOU EVER THOUGHT
THAT EVEN IF I AM SATAN
AND AN ADULTERESS BITCH
THAT I STILL MIGHT BE
THE LOVE OF YOUR LIFE?
YOU'RE STAYING WITH HER.
YEAH, SHE'S MY WIFE.
***
(Meredith) COMMUNICATION--
IT'S THE FIRST THING
WE REALLY LEARN IN LIFE...
SHE DIDN'T EVEN KNOW
HE WAS MARRIED.
I MEAN, HIS WIFE JUST SHOWS UP
AND HE DUMPS HER.
I HEARD SHE FLIPPED OUT.
WHAT DOES SHE EXPECT?
SHE GOT WHAT SHE DESERVED,
DATING AN ATTENDING.
DATING McDREAMY.
HAVE YOU SEEN HIS HAIR?
NO GUY'S THAT PERFECT.
I THINK IT'S KIND OF SAD.
SHE HAS TO WORK HERE--
WITH HIM, WITH THEM--
EVERYONE KNOWS.
FUNNY THING IS,
ONCE WE GROW UP,
LEARN OUR WORDS
AND REALLY START TALKING,
THE HARDER IT BECOMES
TO KNOW WHAT TO SAY
OR HOW TO ASK
FOR WHAT WE REALLY NEED.
WHAT DO YOU NEED TO,
UM, MAKE THIS MARRIAGE WORK?
I NEED HER
TO MOVE TO SEATTLE.
THAT'S JUST--
ADDISON...
WHAT DO YOU NEED?
I NEED HIM TO STOP TALKING
TO MEREDITH.
BUT I WORK WITH HER.
YOU WANT ME TO PICK UP
MY ENTIRE PRACTICE
AND MOVE HERE, FINE.
I WANT YOU TO GIVE UP
YOUR GIRLFRIEND.
I DID GIVE UP
MY GIRLFRIEND. OKAY?
YOU WANTED ME TO TAKE YOU BACK,
I TOOK YOU BACK HERE IN SEATTLE.
SEE? ONCE AGAIN, IT'S ALL
ABOUT WHAT HE WANTS.
SHE'S NOT LISTENING TO ME.
I'M NOT GONNA MOVE
BACK TO MANHATTAN.
I AM NOT THE SAME PERSON.
I KNOW.
YOU'RE A FLANNEL WEARING,
WOOD CHOPPING FISHERMAN.
I GET IT.
I'M NOT GONNA
TALK TO HER ANYMORE
IF SHE'S GONNA BEHAVE
LIKE THIS.
FINE.
SORRY, GUYS. TIME'S UP.
GOOD PROGRESS.
***
WELL, WE HAVE TO DO SOMETHING.
(yawns)
MEREDITH'S BECOME, LIKE,
AN EXHIBIT LIKE THE--HEY--
LIKE A ZOO ANIMAL,
LIKE THAT RARE PANDA
THAT EVERYONE STARES AT.
PLEASE DON'T SAY THAT
TO HER FACE.
I THINK THAT PANDA
DIED ALONE.
(chuckles)
THIS COULD JUST AS EASILY
BE YOU
IF PEOPLE
KNEW ABOUT YOU AND...
YOU TAKE THAT BACK.
NO. I'M JUST SAYIN'
WE SHOULD DO SOMETHIN'
TO CHEER HER UP.
DON'T WORRY ABOUT IT.
IT'S UNDER CONTROL.
WHAT--WHAT DO YOU GUYS
HAVE GOIN' ON?
NOTHING.
WHAT?
WHERE'S KAREV?
PROBABLY OFF SOMEWHERE
NOT KISSING SOMEBODY.
AHEM. HEY, SO,
UM, AFTER ROUNDS,
WE HAVE SOMETHING
TO SHOW YOU.
MERE? MEREDITH,
CAN YOU HEAR US?
SHE'S NOT DEAF.
WELL, SHE LOOKS WEIRD.
WHAT DO YOU EXPECT?
DEREK DIDN'T PICK HER.
SHE'S GONE MENTAL.
MEREDITH,
HAVE YOU GONE MENTAL?
I HAVE NOT GONE MENTAL.
SEE? OKAY, SHE'S FINE.
WE HAVE SOMETHING TO SHOW YOU.
SO WHATEVER YOU DO,
DO NOT GET ASSIGNED
TO A SURGERY THIS MORNING.
IT'S REALLY GOOD.
GIVE IT A CHANCE, DEREK.
I GAVE IT A CHANCE.
HE'S A MORON.
***
YEAH, MIND YOUR OWN BUSINESS.
(Man) I WOULDN'T WANNA
BE HER. HUH.
MRS. KIMBERLY GRISWOLD.
A HISTORY OF HEART DISEASE
AND MULTIPLE SURGERIES.
IN FOR A BEATING HEART
QUADRUPLE C.A.B.G.
YOU'RE LATE.
YES, KAREV,
NICE OF YOU TO JOIN US.
WHY KEEP THE HEART BEATING,
DOCTOR YANG?
I DON'T KNOW.
WHAT?
I HAVE NO IDEA.
OH, I DON'T KNOW, EITHER.
I JUST DON'T.
BECAUSE OF...OW. WHAT?
ANYONE ELSE?
STRESS REDUCTION BECAUSE
OF THE PREVIOUS SURGERIES--
O'MALLEY.
I KNOW--I KNOW THE ANSWER.
I'M ASKING O'MALLEY.
SCAR TISSUE'S TOO DEEP.
THE HEART'S TOO WEAK
TO START UP AGAIN,
SO YOU ONLY IMMOBILIZE
THE PORTION YOU'RE WORKING ON
AND YOU LEAVE THE REST
OF THE HEART ON ITS OWN.
WELCOME TO THE CASE.
THANK YOU.
WHAT IS THAT?
P.J.'s.
THAT ISN'T FAIR,
AND YOU KNOW IT.
HE'S PUNISHING ME
FOR THE ELEVATOR.
HE'S PUNISHING YOU BECAUSE YOU
WERE LATE FOR ROUNDS.
YOU WANNA TELL ME
WHY YOU WERE LATE?
DR. SHEPHERD NEEDS SOMEBODY
ON HIS NERVE CASE TODAY. GO.
AND YOU THREE--
BRUSH UP ON HOW
NOT TO EMBARRASS ME
IN FRONT OF THE ATTENDINGS
OR I'LL SEE TO IT THAT YOUR
HEARTS STOP BEATING. YOU CLEAR?
SORRY, DR. BAILEY.
WE REALLY APOLOGIZE.
(Meredith)
WHAT IS GOING ON?
WE FOUND A CASE.
YOU STOLE A CASE.
BORROWED FROM PSYCH.
OKAY, THE PRELIMS--OKAY, THIS
THING IS TOTALLY UNPRECEDENTED.
AND WE FOUND IT.
STOLE IT.
OKAY, FOUND, STOLE,
HIJACKED, WHATEVER.
OKAY, MEREDITH,
BEHIND THIS DOOR
IS THE COOLEST MEDICAL MYSTERY
I HAVE EVER SEEN.
NOW YOU CAN EITHER WALK AWAY,
YOU KNOW, GUILT FREE...
UH-HUH.
OR WALK THROUGH THIS DOOR,
RISK YOUR PLACE IN THE PROGRAM,
WHICH COULD
POSSIBLY LEAD TO SPENDING
THE REST OF YOUR LIFE
SERVING FRIES
IN BAD CLOTHING.
SO ARE YOU IN?
HELL, YEAH.
MR. HERMAN.
OH, NO.
PLEASE CALL ME SHANE.
I GOTTA HIT THE CAN--AGAIN.
SEEMS LIKE I GOTTA GO
EVERY 30 SECONDS THESE DAYS.
JUST A GUY.
WAIT FOR IT.
I SURE AM GLAD TO BE OFF
THAT PSYCH FLOOR.
WHAT'S SO SPECIAL?
WAIT FOR IT.
OOH. AH.
I'M NOT NUTS.
I'M JUST PREGNANT. OH.
***
(Woman) * NOBODY KNOWS
WHERE THEY MIGHT END UP *
* NOBODY KNOWS
* OH, OH
* SUPPOSE YOU'LL NEVER KNOW
I WAS FINE,
AND THEN LAST MONTH,
UNH. HUGE BELLY.
MY DOCTOR JUST KEPT
TELLIN' ME I WAS GAININ' WEIGHT
WITH MY WIFE.
SHE'S DUE ON THE 30th.
IT'S OUR FIRST.
CONGRATULATIONS.
THE ADMITTING INTERN
SHIPPED HIM OFF TO PSYCH.
BARELY DID A PHYSICAL.
HEAR THAT?
IT'S NOT FLUID.
THERE'S SOMETHIN' IN THERE.
OH, YEAH, NO JOKE.
I'VE BEEN ABLE TO FEEL IT
GETTIN' BIGGER AND BIGGER
GROWIN' IN MY...
YOU KNOW... MY WOMB.
YEAH, I KNOW I SOUND CRAZY.
I DO. BUT I CAN PROVE IT.
THIS ROOM IS SUPPOSED
TO BE UNOCCUPIED.
WHOSE PATIENT IS THIS?
HERS.
WHO TRANSFERRED HIM?
I DON'T HAVE ANY PAPERWORK.
ANY TRANSFER DOCUMENTS.
GIMME A BREAK.
WE SHUFFLE ROOMS
ALL THE TIME.
YOU KNOW, IF WE NEED
A BED PAN CHANGED,
UM, WE'LL LET YOU KNOW.
OKAY, DOCTOR, YOU DO THAT.
OKAY, WHERE'S HIS CHART?
DON'T TELL ME YOU DON'T HAVE
HIS CHART. YOU STEAL A PATIENT--
THAT WAS YOUR JOB.
YEAH, I WAS ON LOOKOUT.
AHEM.
HOW YOU DOIN'?
YOU GOOD?
YOU LOOK GOOD.
COME ON. WE'RE FRIENDS.
WHAT'S MY NAME?
UM...ALL RIGHT. SO I DON'T
KNOW YOUR NAME.
IT'S NOT LIKE
WE CAN'T TALK.
YOU DON'T HAVE TO BE A SURGEON
FOR ME TO TALK TO YOU, YOU KNOW.
REALLY?
REALLY.
BECAUSE I THOUGHT YOU ONLY
TALK TO ATTENDINGS.
UH, NICOLE, YOU'VE BEEN
HAVING PROBLEMS
WITH SPASTICITY?
MOM?
SHE SAYS THE SPASMS
MAKE HER LEGS DANCE.
MM-HMM.
WE JUST WANTED TO MAKE THINGS
A LITTLE EASIER FOR HER.
SHE STARTS COLLEGE
THIS FALL.
SEATTLE COMMUNITY.
RIGHT DOWN THE STREET
FROM US.
NOT THAT SHE WOULDN'T
HAVE HER PICK
OF SCHOOLS OUT OF STATE.
BUT SHE'S NOT READY
FOR THAT YET.
WHAT, NOT BECAUSE
SHE'S IN A WHEELCHAIR?
HAS DR. OSTFELD MENTIONED
SOMETHING CALLED A CYSTOPLASTY?
NO? IT'S AN OPERATION
TO ENLARGE NICOLE'S BLADDER.
IT CREATES AN OPENING
CALLED A STOMA.
IT'S IMPROVED THE QUALITY
OF LIFE IN A LOT
OF MY PARALYSIS PATIENTS.
WE TOYED WITH THE IDEA
A FEW YEARS AGO.
IT'S NOT FOR US.
WELL, MAYBE WE SHOULD
REVISIT IT.
REVISIT AN INVASIVE,
RISKY PROCEDURE
THAT'S GOT A 20% FAILURE RATE,
I DON'T THINK SO?
NICOLE, IT'S SOMETHING
WORTH CONSIDERING.
IT MEANS YOU WOULDN'T HAVE TO
WEAR THE CATHETER ALL THE TIME.
NOT TO MENTION THE MEDICAL
BENEFITS. IT WOULD, UH...
IMPROVE YOUR QUALITY OF LIFE.
YOU KNOW?
YOU'D BE LIKE GIRLS
YOUR OWN AGE.
YOU'D BE IN CONTROL OF YOUR OWN
BLADDER. NO MESSY BAGS.
YOU COULD HAVE
A MORE NORMAL SEX LIFE.
WELL, YOU KNOW, WHEN THAT
BECOMES AN ISSUE, OF COURSE.
WE'RE HERE FOR
THE PAIN PROCEDURE. THAT'S IT.
(Alex) THAT GIRL AND HER MOM
SHARE THE SAME BRAIN.
SHE'S NOT GETTIN'
THAT SURGERY.
I WANT YOU TO TAKE NICOLE WITH
YOU EVERYWHERE YOU GO TODAY.
TAKE HER TO LABS, TAKE HER
TO COFFEE, TAKE HER ANYWHERE.
JUST GET HER
AWAY FROM HER PARENTS.
YOU WANT ME TO BABYSIT
THE WHEELCHAIR CHICK?
NICOLE.
SHE THINKS YOU'RE CUTE.
SHE'S A TEENAGER, WHICH MEANS
SHE MIGHT EVEN LISTEN TO YOU.
YOU WANT ME TO CONVINCE HER
TO GET THAT SURGERY.
I WANT YOU TO CONVINCE HER TO
MAKE THE DECISION FOR HERSELF.
AND HOW AM
I SUPPOSED TO DO THAT?
DR. KAREV, YOU'RE CREATIVE.
YOU'LL THINK OF SOMETHING.
THANK YOU.
(Preston) THIS WILL BE
AN EXTENSIVE OPERATION
EVEN FOR AN OPEN HEART VETERAN
LIKE YOURSELF.
MY ROOM WAS BIGGER LAST TIME.
IT WAS BRIGHTER--MORE SUN.
ALAN, THIS WATER IS WARM.
I NEED MORE ICE.
I'M SENDING YOU IN
FOR A NUCLEAR SCAN.
THEN WE'LL GET YOU
INTO THE O.R. THIS AFTERNOON.
YOU DO UNDERSTAND
ALL OF THE RISKS?
I'VE BEEN THROUGH IT
TOO MANY TIMES
TO NOT UNDERSTAND THE RISKS.
GET THE BLINDS.
OPEN THE BLINDS.
THIS ROOM IS DEPRESSING.
I'LL CHECK BACK
A LITTLE LATER.
TAKE HER FOR
THE THALLIUM SCAN
AND PICK UP HER X-RAYS
ON THE WAY.
DR. BURKE, THANK YOU FOR
CHOOSING ME TO ASSIST YOU TODAY.
WELL, YOU'RE MY GUY,
O'MALLEY.
I AM? I MEAN, YEAH.
HAND ME THE TISSUES.
NO, NO, WAIT.
HOSPITALS HAVE GERMS.
GET MY HAND SANITIZER
OUT OF MY CASE.
WHY WOULD YOU BE WITH SOMEONE
WHO MAKES YOU THAT UNHAPPY?
EXCUSE ME?
I MEAN, LIKE,
WELL, LIKE, YOU'RE HAPPY
WITH CRISTINA.
AND SHE'S HAPPY--WELL, HAPPIER.
YOU KNOW, CRISTINA HAPPY.
WHICH IS NOT NORMAL PEOPLE'S
HAPPY, BUT...
WELL, YOU KNOW, HAPPY SINCE
YOU GUYS STARTED, UH...
SCANS. I'M ON IT.
I'M YOUR GUY...
AND I'M AN IDIOT.
(talking indistinctly)
HI. HELLO. HI. MEREDITH.
MAYBE WE COULD,
YOU KNOW, UH, TALK.
NO.
OKAY.
(bell dings)
BEEP, BEEP.
WHAT'D YOU DO
TO GET STUCK WITH ME?
NOTHING.
COME ON, I KNOW YOU'RE NOT
JUST WHEELING ME AROUND
FOR KICKS.
WELL, I WAS LATE FOR ROUNDS.
WHY?
OH, 'CAUSE
I HAD THINGS TO DO.
HEY, IZZIE!
IZZIE!
HEY, DOLL FACE.
I WAS GONNA ASK YOU A FAVOR,
YOU KNOW?
I THOUGHT SINCE, YOU KNOW,
MAYBE YOU'RE BETTER
WITH PEOPLE THAN I AM,
I THOUGHT
MAYBE YOU COULD--
NO.
UH, YOU HAVEN'T EVEN HEARD--
NO, NO.
YOU'RE LIKE A BROKEN RECORD.
GOD.
YOU'RE ONLY EVER NICE
OR FRIENDLY OR ANYTHING
WHEN IT'S CONVENIENT FOR YOU.
SO NO TO YOUR FAVOR.
NO TO YOU. NO.
WHAT'S UP WITH YOU?
I PUT ON A DRESS.
I DID MY HAIR.
I HAD ONE NIGHT OFF IN TWO WEEKS
AND I USED IT ON YOU.
AND WHAT DO I GET?
NOTHING.
NO RESPECT, NO APOLOGY...
YOU COULDN'T EVEN BE BOTHERED
TO KISS ME GOOD NIGHT.
YOU KNOW WHAT?
YOU'RE A COWARD,
AND YOU'RE JUST AS SHALLOW
AS YOU SEEM.
SO I AM DONE TRYING
TO BE YOUR FRIEND OR WHATEVER.
I'M OVER IT.
SHE'S REALLY MAD AT YOU.
THIS URINE SAMPLE IS THE LAST
THING WE NEED, MR. HERMAN.
UH...
MEET SHANE'S WIFE TINA.
HEY.
CAN YOU TELL US
WHAT PRECIPITATED
THE PSYCHOTIC EPISODE
THAT GOT YOU ADMITTED
TO THE HOSPITAL?
IT WASN'T AN EPISODE, OKAY?
AND I'M NOT PSYCHOTIC.
I AM PREGNANT.
I MEAN, WOULDN'T YOU FREAK OUT
IF YOU WERE ME?
HONEY, DID YOU BRING IT?
(Tina) YEAH, YEAH.
OH, GOOD.
I CAN PROVE TO EVERYONE
THAT I'M NOT CRAZY.
THAT IS MY PATIENT!
UH-OH.
YEAH, WELL, HE'S OURS NOW,
AND IF YOU WANNA FIGHT ME FOR
IT, I GUARANTEE YOU I'LL WIN.
WHAT IS GOING ON IN HERE?
DR. BAILEY,
JUST ONE MOMENT. HERE.
PLEASE LOOK AT HIS ABDOMEN.
IT'S A MALE HYSTERICAL
PREGNANCY.
IT'S A PSYCH CASE,
AND IT'S MINE.
IT'S NOT HYSTERICAL.
I AM PREGNANT.
SEE? PSYCH.
NO, HIS BELLY IS DISTENDED.
THERE'S NO SIGNS OF ASCITES,
AND I CLEARLY FEEL A MASS
WITH DEEP PALPATION--
SURGICAL.
GUYS.
I TOLD YOU I COULD PROVE IT.
PSYCH.
SURGICAL.
(Miranda) COME ON,
YOU'RE DOCTORS, ACT LIKE IT.
GUYS.
PSYCH.
SURGICAL.
(Izzie) GUYS!
IT'S A PREGNANCY TEST...
AND IT'S POSITIVE.
WELL, HE'S DEFINITELY
A SURGICAL PATIENT NOW.
DO NOT THINK FOR A MOMENT
I CONDONE
STEALING PATIENTS.
THAT SAID, WAY TO GO.
THE FIRST PREGNANCY TEST
I TOOK...
(pager beeps)
WAS A JOKE
TO MAKE TINA LAUGH.
WELL, WE DIDN'T THINK IT WOULD
LEAD TO, YOU KNOW, THIS.
MR. HERMAN,
I CAN ASSURE YOU,
YOU ARE IN NO WAY PREGNANT.
PHEW.
THAT'S A RELIEF--TO HEAR IT,
YOU KNOW, OFFICIALLY,
BUT, HEY,
WHY WAS THAT STICK BLUE?
(Miranda) WELL, THAT'S WHAT
WE'RE GONNA FIND OUT.
UH, STEVENS,
DO A SHOTGUN WORKUP
INCLUDING TUMOR MARKERS
AND GET C.T. TO MAKE
SOME ROOM FOR US IN LINE.
WHAT'S THIS FOR AGAIN?
(pager beeps)
UH, MEDICAL JOURNALS,
MONTHLY CASE REPORTS.
ANNUAL BANQUET
HIGHLIGHT REELS.
(camera shutter clicking)
(pager beeps)
HEY, WHOSE PAGER IS THAT?
UM, MINE, BUT I FOUND HIM.
SO CAN SOMEONE ELSE GO?
NO, WE DON'T
IGNORE PAGES, YANG.
WOULD YOU EXCUSE ME?
SORRY.
WE JUST NEED
TO GET TO THE TOP.
WE'LL BE FINISHED SOON.
RIGHT, DR. BAILEY?
WE, UM...
GOOD.
OOH.
OKAY.
PATIENT IN 4243
NEEDS A RECTAL.
THEN I'VE GOT
TWO INFECTED WOUNDS,
A FOLEY, A GROIN ABSCESS,
FOUR DEBRIDEMENTS, AND, UH...
A CASE OF EXPLOSIVE DIARRHEA.
YOU'RE KIDDING ME, RIGHT?
I'M NOT KNOWN FOR MY HUMOR.
UH, WHY DID
YOU PAGE ME ABOUT--
NONE OF THESE ARE MY PATIENTS.
YOU'RE BAILEY'S INTERN,
RIGHT?
(telephone rings)
THEN THESE ARE YOUR PATIENTS.
DEBBIE HERE.
A PORTION OF THE INTESTINE
IS USED TO ENLARGE THE BLADDER
AND THEN WE CONSTRUCT
A PATHWAY
TO A HOLE
IN THE BELLY BUTTON.
IT'S A VERY TINY HOLE.
IT'S VIRTUALLY INVISIBLE.
SHE COULD WEAR A BIKINI.
NO ONE WOULD EVER KNOW.
WHY WOULD SHE NEED A BIKINI?
SHE DOESN'T KNOW HOW TO SWIM.
SHE COULD GO TO THE BEACH,
LIE IN THE SUN,
HANG OUT WITH HER FRIENDS.
OH, MY GOD.
SHE'S SO SELF-CONSCIOUS NOW.
NICOLE COULD HAVE FRIENDS
HER OWN AGE, ELAINE.
WHEN DID YOU SAY NICOLE
WOULD BE BACK?
AFTER HER LABS. NOW JUST THINK
ABOUT HER FUTURE.
NICOLE COULD BE INDEPENDENT. SHE
COULD GO TO COLLEGE ANYWHERE.
SHE COULD HAVE A JOB,
HAVE HER OWN APARTMENT,
DATE, GET MARRIED.
THESE LABS ARE TAKIN'
A LONG TIME.
SHE CAN SPEND MORE THAN
20 MINUTES AWAY FROM US, ELAINE.
I'M ASKING ABOUT
MY ONLY CHILD.
SHE'S NOT A CHILD ANYMORE.
SHE'S MY CHILD.
SHE'LL ALWAYS BE MY CHILD.
ALAN, WATCH YOUR STEP.
YOU'RE HITTING MY CHAIR.
I'M SORRY.
AND HOLD ONTO MY BAG.
I GOT IT.
AND DON'T RUMMAGE THROUGH IT.
I WON'T.
(Woman)
DR. BARRONS, DR. BARRONS...
"PLEASE" AND "THANK YOUS"
WERE NEVER HER STRONG SUIT.
YOU'RE A VERY PATIENT PERSON.
YEARS OF PRACTICE. OOPS.
OH, SHE WON'T SEE THAT.
I JUST TRY TO KEEP HER CALM.
YOU KNOW, THEY DIDN'T THINK
SHE WAS GONNA SURVIVE
THE FIRST SURGERY,
LET ALONE THREE MORE.
BUT HERE IT IS TEN YEARS LATER,
SHE'S STILL HERE.
YEAH, IT'S,
UH, IT'S A MIRACLE
THAT SHE'S STILL ALIVE.
THAT'S WHAT EVERYONE SAYS.
WHAT DO YOU SAY?
UH, IT'S RIGHT THERE
IN THE VOWS.
IN SICKNESS
AND IN HEALTH, RIGHT?
THANKS.
A PREGNANT GUY?
YOU HAD A PREGNANT GUY,
AND YOU DIDN'T TELL ME?
WELL, WE CAN GET YOU FLOOR SPACE
IN THE O.R. FOR 50 BUCKS.
YOU'RE SELLING TICKETS,
AND WE DON'T EVEN KNOW
WHAT'S WRONG WITH HIM.
WHATEVER HE'S GOT INSIDE
HAS GOT TO COME OUT.
WE'RE JUST BROKERING
A FEW DEALS.
SORT OF LIKE BACKSTAGE PASSES.
YOU WANT IN ON THE CASH?
NO.
I DIDN'T GET A PREGNANT GUY.
I WAS BURKE'S NEW GO-TO GUY,
BUT THAT'S OVER THANKS TO YOU.
HE DIDN'T KNOW THAT I KNEW
ABOUT YOU TWO.
STOP TALKING.
WHAT ON EARTH?
***
HI.
I'M ALEX'S CHARITY CASE.
YEAH, I LIKE HER ALREADY.
ARE YOU VOLUNTEERING?
DON'T ASK.
WHY? IT'S NOT LIKE
WE CAN READ YOUR MIND.
IT'S NOT LIKE WE HAVE ANY IDEA
WHAT'S GOING ON IN YOUR TINY,
TINY, TINY LITTLE BRAIN.
SHE HAS A POINT.
(pager beeping)
OH! I AM HUNGRY!
SO THIS IS COOL.
A REAL LIVE LUNCHTIME IN A REAL
CAFETERIA WITH TRAYS AND--
AND FRIENDS.
WE'RE NOT HIS FRIENDS.
(George) DON'T YOU HAVE
A CAFETERIA AT YOUR SCHOOL?
I'M HOMESCHOOLED
BY MY PARENTS.
THAT EXPLAINS A LOT.
SO ARE YOU GUYS THE COOL KIDS
AROUND HERE OR SOMETHING?
WHAT WOULD MAKE YOU
THINK THAT?
IT SEEMS LIKE
EVERYONE'S TALKING ABOUT YOU.
***
THE GUYS AND I WERE TAKIN' BETS
ON WHO'D GET TO SCAN THIS DUDE.
BEERS ARE ON ME TONIGHT.
NEXT UP, THE WAGER
ON WHAT THIS THING IS.
YOU'RE TAKING BETS?
ON WHAT'S INSIDE HIS BELLY.
YOU WANT IN? 10 BUCKS.
WELL, I KNOW IT'S NOT FAT,
FOOD OR A FETUS, SO...
JEEZ.
ARE THOSE TEETH?
CRISTINA'S GONNA BE SO MAD
SHE MISSED THIS.
I WAS TOLD TO PAGE YOU
AND ONLY YOU
IF SOMETHIN' LIKE THIS
CAME UP.
WHO TOLD YOU, BAILEY?
(patient vomits)
OH, NO.
OH, YES,
AND ALL I CAN SAY IS
YOU MUST'VE MADE
ONE SERIOUS FAUX PAS.
I HATE VOMIT.
YOU'RE GONNA NEED THIS.
***
(patient vomits)
(Woman)
DR. NORTON, DR. NORTON...
BAILEY KNOWS.
KNOWS WHAT?
SHE KNOWS.
O'MALLEY KNOWS.
WHY NOT BAILEY?
SO YOU DIDN'T TELL HER?
WHY WOULD I DO THAT?
THIS IS BAD.
WE HAVE TO MANAGE
THE DAMAGE OURSELVES
BEFORE THIS THING SPINS
TOO FAR OUT OF CONTROL,
AND THAT MEANS COMING CLEAN
TO THE CHIEF.
WHAT?
IF WE COME OUT IN THE OPEN,
THEN NO ONE HAS ANYTHING TO SAY.
NO. NO. NO WAY. NO WAY.
THAT'S THE ONLY WAY.
GOOD MORNING.
MORNING, CHIEF.
THANK YOU, DR. BURKE.
YOU'RE WELCOME. AHEM.
GREAT BOARD, CHIEF.
WOULD YOU MAKE SURE
THAT THEY GET THE BREATHING TUBE
OUT OF MY THROAT
RIGHT AFTER SURGERY THIS TIME?
ARE YOU TRYING
TO CUT OFF MY CIRCULATION?
HE'S JUST DOIN' HIS JOB.
WHAT DID YOU SAY?
I SAID,
"HE'S JUST DOIN' HIS JOB."
WELL, I DON'T REALLY CARE
WHOSE JOB HE'S DOING.
HE'S SQUEEZING MY ARM OFF.
ARE YOU JUST GONNA SIT THERE?
(sighs)
SHUT UP, KIM.
JUST...
SHUT UP, HUH?
(George) HEY.
YOU COMPLAIN TO ME,
ABOUT ME...
LOOK, MAYBE...
AROUND ME ALL DAY...
EVERY DAY.
A LITTLE SILENCE
WOULD BE NICE.
A FEW MEASLY MINUTES
OF QUIET.
LISTEN. LISTEN.
(monitor beeping)
CAN'T YOU FOR ONCE...
MR. GRISWOLD.
IN YOUR LIFE...
JUST SHUT UP?!
(monitor beeping rapidly)
(gasping)
WHAT HAVE WE GOT?
SHE HAD A LEVINE SIGN AND HER
E.K.G. SHOWS S.T. ELEVATIONS.
SHE'S HAVIN' A HEART ATTACK.
GIVE HER 4 MIGS
OF MORPHINE.
RUN NITRO
10 MICS PER MINUTE.
LET'S DO THIS FAST SO WE CAN
GET INTO SURGERY, PEOPLE.
OH, I DID THIS.
I DID THIS TO HER.
(Miranda) LOOK,
MESENTERIC TERATOMA, CHIEF.
IN AN ADULT MALE.
IS THIS POSSIBLE?
IT IS NOW.
LARGE BILOBED CYSTIC LESION...
(Izzie) WITH A SOLID
CALCIFIED STRUCTURE.
(Richard) A DEFORMED MANDIBLE.
(Miranda) LABS SHOW
ELEVATED H.C.G. LEVELS.
THAT EXPLAINS THE FALSE POSITIVE
ON THE PREGNANCY TEST.
(Izzie) WHICH ALSO MEANS...
IT'S PROBABLY MALIGNANT.
(Meredith) YOU OKAY?
YOU LOOK A LITTLE GREEN.
I THINK
HE NEEDS SOME AIR, CHIEF.
(Richard) DEEP BREATHS,
MR. HERMAN.
JUST--MOST OF THIS
MEDICAL SPEAK
GOES RIGHT OVER MY HEAD.
YOU HAVE WHAT'S CALLED
A TERATOMA,
AND IT'S REALLY
VERY RARE IN ADULTS.
(Meredith) WHICH IS WHY
YOU'RE SO POPULAR.
IT'S JUST A MASS OF CELLS
THAT'S PROBABLY BEEN THERE
YOUR WHOLE LIFE, ONLY NOW--
NOW IT'S GROWING.
YEAH, GROWING JAWBONES
AND TOENAILS
AND, UH, CLUMPS OF HAIR.
YEAH, I'VE BEEN LISTENIN'.
IT'S JUST NO ONE'S
REALLY TALKING TO US.
JUST ABOUT YOU.
I KNOW WHAT THAT'S LIKE.
UM, HI. WHAT'D I MISS?
EW, IS THAT...
IS THAT RECTAL JELLY
ON YOUR SCRUBS?
(pager beeping)
MM.
DR. BAILEY,
ALL THE ATTENTION,
ALL THE PEOPLE
ARE MAKING THEM PANIC.
(Miranda) OH.
YOU KNOW, WHEN YOU SAID YOU
FOUND A LUNCH SPOT WITH A VIEW,
I KNEW I SHOULD HAVE
TAKEN YOU LITERALLY.
I FOUND IT IN
MY "BEST OF SEATTLE" GUIDE.
IT'S HARDLY
BROWN BAGGING IT ON THE TOP
OF THE EMPIRE STATE BUILDING,
BUT...
THEY DID HAVE THESE
CUTE LITTLE VIEWFINDERS.
YOU ALWAYS FIND SOMETHING
TO COMPLAIN ABOUT.
OKAY, IS THERE ANYTHING THAT
YOU LIKE ABOUT ME ANYMORE?
BECAUSE IF THERE IS,
I REALLY NEED TO KNOW NOW.
WELL, I LIKE THAT YOU LIKE
CUTE LITTLE VIEWFINDERS
IN EVERY CITY YOU LIVE IN.
I DON'T LIVE HERE YET.
***
ARE YOU GOING TO STOP TALKING
TO MEREDITH?
I WILL.
WHEN...
TODAY, TOMORROW, NEXT WEEK?
MAYBE I'M NOT READY YET.
ARE YOU EVER
GONNA BE READY, DEREK?
WHAT IF I SAY NO?
THEN I'M NOT MOVING HERE.
THEN I GUESS
WE'RE AT AN IMPASSE THEN.
***
DR. YANG...
WE NEVER FINISHED
OUR CONVERSATION.
YES, WE DID.
WE DECIDED
WE'RE NOT GONNA TELL
YOU KNOW WHO ABOUT US.
OH, WE DECIDED?
IF YOU'RE WORRIED ABOUT
YOUR CAREER AND YOUR REPUTATION,
THEY'RE IN MUCH MORE DANGER
IF HE HEARS ABOUT US
THROUGH THE GRAPEVINE.
HE DOESN'T HAVE
TO HEAR ABOUT US AT ALL.
ONLY HE WILL.
IT'S JUST A MATTER OF TIME.
UNLESS YOU'RE HESITATING
BECAUSE OF SOME--
SOME DIFFERENT REASON.
OKAY, YOU ARE NOT
THINKING THIS THROUGH.
LIKE YOU NOT WANTING TO ADMIT
TO THIS RELATIONSHIP AT ALL?
WE ARE A COUPLE.
FINE.
BURKE.
I SAID, "FINE."
(Cristina sighs)
SO WHAT'S UP WITH YOU NOT
WANTING TO GET THIS PROCEDURE?
I'M FINE THE WAY I AM.
GOOD POINT. YOUR CHOICE.
SO YOU'RE NOT GONNA
TRY AND TALK ME INTO IT?
RIGHT NOW, I'M GONNA STUDY.
"NUCLEAR SOMETHING
FANCY NAME-OLOGY."
YEAH.
IS THAT WHY YOU WERE LATE--
YOU WERE STUDYING?
NO.
IS THAT GIRL IZZIE
YOUR GIRLFRIEND?
NO.
DO YOU WANT HER
TO BE YOUR GIRLFRIEND?
LOOK, I GOT STUCK WITH YOU
BECAUSE I WAS LATE FOR ROUNDS.
SO IF YOU DON'T MIND, KID,
I'M KINDA BUSY.
I'M 18, YOU KNOW.
WHAT?
I'M NOT A KID. I'M 18, AND...
AND I DON'T HAVE TO
STAY DOWN HERE WITH YOU.
I COULD GO BACK TO MY ROOM.
SO GO.
IZZIE'S RIGHT.
YOU'RE AN ASS.
I'M NOT AN ASS.
OKAY,
I AM AN ASS...
BUT I'M A CUTE ASS, RIGHT?
HOW COME
YOU DIDN'T KISS HER?
I THOUGHT
YOU WERE LEAVING.
IF I HAD A CHANCE
TO KISS SOMEONE I LIKED,
I WOULDN'T HESITATE.
IF I HAD THE CHANCE TO LOSE
THE URINE BAG AROUND MY ANKLE,
I WOULDN'T HESITATE, EITHER.
BUT THEN AGAIN,
I DON'T LET MY MOMMY
DO ALL MY TALKING FOR ME.
I DON'T LIKE YOU.
YES, YOU DO.
JERK.
MOTORMOUTH.
BABYSITTER.
2-WHEELER.
NOW THAT'S JUST POLITICALLY
INCORRECT.
YEAH.
OKAY.
LOOKS LIKE
MRS. GRISWOLD IS DOIN' WELL.
WAIT A MINUTE...
JUST A LITTLE SUCTION.
WE'LL FIX THE MECHANICAL
STABILIZER LATER.
RIGHT NOW
I'M JUST GONNA HIT
A FEW--A FEW
OF THESE LITTLE BLEEDERS.
(Cristina) LOOK AT THAT.
A PERFECTLY EXPOSED,
PARTIALLY-NUMB BEATING HEART.
IT'S A BEAUTIFUL THING.
CODE RED!
OH MY GOD.
I THINK IT JUST BURST
INTO FLAMES.
HER HEART--IT'S ON FIRE.
WE HAVE TO SAVE
MRS. GRISWOLD.
BEGIN FIRE PROTOCOL.
I'M ON IT.
CODE RED!
BEGIN FIRE PROTOCOL!
MOVE, PEOPLE!
WE NEED WET TOWELS.
O'MALLEY, DISCONNECT
THE ELECTRICAL LEADS.
I GOT IT.
LET'S GO, ROOKIE.
ANY UNNECESSARY PERSONNEL
IN THIS ROOM, EVACUATE NOW.
SHUT DOWN THE O2.
ALREADY ON IT.
START MANUAL RESPIRATION.
I'VE GOT THE AMBU BAG.
STARTING
MANUAL RESPIRATION.
WE'VE GOT TO CONTROL
THIS BLEEDING.
HER VITALS ARE STABILIZING.
WE MIGHT JUST
HAVE A CHANCE HERE.
SHE WAS ON FIRE.
I HAVE NEVER SEEN ANYTHING
LIKE THAT. WHAT WAS THAT?
IT WAS A FREAK ACCIDENT.
BUT SHE WAS ON FIRE.
ALL RIGHT.
YOU ALREADY SAID THAT.
I KNOW, BUT SHE WAS.
GEORGE, YOU OKAY?
SHE WAS ON FIRE.
HEY.
THAT WAS INTENSE.
ARE YOU OKAY, OR...
I'M FINE. O'MALLEY, LET'S GO.
(pager beeps)
(sighs) I'M SO OVER THIS.
HEY, I HEARD A HEART
CAUGHT ON FIRE IN THE O.R.
I AM THE BEST INTERN
YOU'VE GOT,
AND YOU ARE WASTING ME
ON PUKE AND BOILS,
AND I GET IT. I--
I EVEN DESERVE IT,
BUT PLEASE,
YOU CAN'T KEEP ME AWAY
FROM THIS SURGERY.
I EARNED THIS SURGERY.
I STOLE THE SURGERY.
WHAT ARE YOU
TALKIN' ABOUT, YANG?
YOU, PUNISHING ME.
(Woman)
DR. BARRONS, DR. BARRONS...
YOU HAVE NO IDEA
WHAT I'M TALKING ABOUT, DO YOU?
WELL, THEN, LIKE,
WHO HAS BEEN
PAGING ME ALL DAY?
THE NURSES HAVE BEEN
ON ME NONSTOP.
A LITTLE BIT OF RESPECT,
AND YOU COULD'VE
SAVED YOURSELF
A VERY LONG DAY, DR. YANG.
PISSING OFF THE NURSES.
STUPID.
WELL, I CAN
STILL SCRUB IN, RIGHT?
HE WANTS ME TO MOVE HERE,
RICHARD--
TO PICK UP EVERYTHING
AND MOVE.
DON'T STAY FOR HIM,
ADDISON.
STAY FOR ME.
STAY FOR YOURSELF.
RICHARD, I--
LOOK, IN SEATTLE, YOU COULD BE
FRONT PAGE NEWS.
WITH YOUR REPUTATION
AND THE MONEY I'LL PUT
INTO PROMOTING YOU,
SEATTLE GRACE WILL BECOME
ONE OF THE FOREMOST
NEONATAL HOSPITALS
WEST OF MANHATTAN.
YOU'RE SERIOUS.
I'M READY TO PUT MY MONEY
WHERE MY MOUTH IS.
***
TURN AROUND. WALK AWAY.
FROM WHO?
FROM MY INTERN.
WELL, I WASN'T.
YEAH--YEAH.
YES, YOU WERE.
COME ON, LOOK--LOOK,
YOU CAN'T DO THIS.
YOU DON'T HAVE THE RIGHT.
NOT ANYMORE.
I JUST WANNA FIND OUT
IF SHE'S OKAY.
NO, SHE'S NOT.
SHE'S A HUMAN TRAFFIC ACCIDENT,
AND EVERYBODY'S SLOWIN' DOWN
TO LOOK AT THE WRECKAGE.
SHE'S DOIN' THE BEST SHE CAN
WITH WHAT SHE HAS LEFT.
LOOK, I KNOW YOU CAN'T SEE THIS
BECAUSE YOU'RE IN IT,
BUT YOU CAN'T HELP HER NOW.
YOU'LL ONLY MAKE IT WORSE.
WALK AWAY. LEAVE HER TO MEND.
GO ON.
IT'S NOT THAT I DON'T WANT
THE OPERATION. I DO, YOU KNOW.
I WANT THINGS.
IT'S JUST...
WHAT IF I'M NOT READY?
READY FOR WHAT?
FOR EVERYTHING--
FOR TAKING CARE OF MYSELF,
FOR BEING ON MY OWN,
FOR SEX.
FOR LOVE.
I'VE NEVER HAD
A BOYFRIEND.
I'VE NEVER EVEN
BEEN KISSED.
I'M, LIKE, THE OLDEST LIVING
PROSPECTIVE COLLEGE FRESHMAN
NOT TO GO TO FIRST BASE.
NAH.
(laughs) IT'S MORTIFYING.
THERE ARE WAY OLDER
LOSERS THAN YOU. TRUST ME.
ALEX...
WOULD YOU KISS ME?
WH--WHAT?
I KNOW YOU'RE A DOCTOR,
I'M YOUR PATIENT
AND IT'S AGAINST THE RULES,
BUT I WOULD NEVER TELL ANYONE.
***
FOR A KISS TO BE
REALLY GOOD,
YOU WANT IT
TO MEAN SOMETHING.
TO BE WITH SOMEONE
YOU CAN'T
GET OUT OF YOUR HEAD,
SO THAT WHEN YOUR LIPS FINALLY
TOUCH, YOU FEEL IT EVERYWHERE.
A KISS SO HOT AND SO DEEP,
YOU NEVER
WANNA COME UP FOR AIR.
YOU CAN'T CHEAT
YOUR FIRST KISS, NICOLE.
TRUST ME,
YOU DON'T WANT TO,
'CAUSE WHEN YOU FIND
THAT RIGHT PERSON,
THE FIRST KISS...
IT'S EVERYTHING.
***
HER HEART--
(Preston)
CAUGHT ON FIRE. YES.
THERE WILL, OF COURSE,
BE AN INVESTIGATION,
BUT YOU SHOULD KNOW, THIS IS NOT
AS UNUSUAL AS IT SOUNDS.
YOUR WIFE
IS GOING TO BE FINE.
SHE'S WELL. UM,
WE COMPLETED THE OPERATION
AND I EXPECT THAT SHE WILL
MAKE A FULL RECOVERY.
OH.
MR. GRISWOLD?
(laughing)
SO THAT'S IT, ISN'T IT?
HER HEART CAUGHT ON FIRE
IN THE MIDDLE OF HER FIFTH
OPEN HEART OPERATION
AND SHE SURVIVED?
(laughing)
WHOA. WELL...
SHE'S LIKE SOME, UH...
SOME MYTHICAL MONSTER.
(laughs)
SHE'S NEVER GONNA DIE!
UH, MR. GRISWOLD...
MR. GRISWOLD.
MM-HMM.
I KNOW THIS IS AN EMOTIONAL
TIME FOR YOU.
UM, IF YOU'D LIKE TO WAIT...
WAIT? NO, NO.
I'M NOT WAITING ANY LONGER.
YOU TELL HER...
TELL HER...HELL.
TELL HER SHE'LL SURVIVE
WITHOUT ME. (laughing)
(indistinct talking)
WE CAN ADD TWO MORE,
STANDING ROOM ONLY.
HEY, HANDS OFF.
(Meredith) WHAT IS GOING ON
IN HERE?
EVERYBODY OUT!
WE ALREADY HAVE--
OUT!
MR. HERMAN IS A PATIENT--
A SURGICAL PATIENT
WHO'S SICK AND EMBARRASSED
AND TIRED OF BEING STARED AT.
YOU TWO--THIS ISN'T A ZOO!
OUT! OUT!
OUT! YOU KNOW WHAT?
IF ALL OF YOU WANT TO POINT
AND WHISPER AND STARE AT ME,
KNOCK YOURSELVES OUT.
"LOOK AT MEREDITH.
"ISN'T SHE SAD AND PATHETIC
AND HEARTBROKEN?
"MAYBE SHE'S GONE MENTAL."
MAYBE I HAVE,
BUT LEAVE MR. HERMAN ALONE.
YOU SHOULD BE ASHAMED
OF YOURSELF.
AND WHAT
ARE YOU LOOKING AT?
SO--SO DO YOU TELL HIS WIFE
OR SHOULD I?
(laughing)
HEY.
HEH HEH. THIS IS--
(laughing)
I...
(Woman)
DR. BARRONS, DR. BARRONS...
I WANT TO THANK YOU...
FOR HELPIN' ME OUT
IN THE SURGERY TODAY, O'MALLEY.
IT WAS A-A HIGH PRESSURE
SITUATION TODAY,
AND YOU WERE ON TOP OF IT.
WELL, THANK YOU, DR. BURKE.
AND, HEY, I'M SORRY
ABOUT BEFORE.
ABOUT, YOU KNOW, BRINGIN' UP,
YOU KNOW, YOU AND CRISTINA.
THAT...
IT'S JUST LIKE...
YOU'RE STILL
MY GUY, O'MALLEY.
YOU'RE STILL MY GUY.
I ALWAYS THOUGHT I'D HOLD
YOUR HAND IN THE DELIVERY ROOM.
I'LL LET YOU KNOW WHEN
THE SURGERY'S OVER, OKAY?
OKAY. THIS IS
AS FAR AS I GO. MM.
DR. GREY, DON'T LET 'EM
SHOW IT OFF, YOU KNOW...
PUT IT IN A JAR OR PASS IT
AROUND OR NOTHIN'.
YOUR TERATOMA?
YEAH.
I FEEL WEIRD ABOUT HAVIN'
MY INSIDES ON DISPLAY LIKE THAT.
I PROMISE.
AT THE END OF THE DAY,
THERE ARE SOME THINGS YOU JUST
CAN'T HELP BUT TALK ABOUT.
***
YOU REALLY WANNA BE THE ONE
TO DISPOSE OF THIS, GREY?
(Meredith)
I MADE A PROMISE.
I AM WORRIED
ABOUT MY CAREER--
I'M WORRIED ABOUT
MY REPUTATION AND MY--
I WILL NOT BE MEREDITH GREY.
I BUSTED MY ASS TO GET HERE,
AND PEOPLE WON'T
MAKE ALLOWANCES FOR ME.
THIS IS NOT ABOUT MAKING
ALLOWANCES, AND YOU KNOW THAT.
EVERYONE WILL KNOW.
THAT'S THE POINT.
I DON'T WANT
TO TELL THE CHIEF, OKAY?
I JUST...
DON'T.
SOME THINGS
WE JUST DON'T WANT TO HEAR...
***
AND SOME THINGS WE SAY
BECAUSE WE CAN'T BE SILENT
ANY LONGER.
I'M GETTING THE OPERATION.
SHE'S CLEARLY
NOT CONSIDERING--
SHE IS CONSIDERING.
I'M GETTING THE OPERATION.
YOU TWO TALK AND TALK,
BUT HAVE YOU NOTICED
HOW YOU NEVER ASK ME ANYTHING?
PART OF IT'S MY FAULT.
I LET YOU DO IT,
BUT I'M NOT CHEATING ANYMORE.
I'M NOT SITTING BACK AND GIVING
OVER CONTROL BECAUSE...
I AM READY TO HANDLE THINGS
FOR MYSELF.
SOME THINGS
ARE MORE THAN WHAT YOU SAY...
THEY'RE WHAT YOU DO.
I APPRECIATE YOUR CANDOR,
PRESTON.
I CAN TAKE WHATEVER
YOU THREW AT SHEPHERD.
I DON'T NEED ANY SPECIAL
TREATMENT HERE.
AND YOU'RE NOT GONNA GET ANY.
YOU'RE NOT MARRIED.
YOU'RE NOT HIDING.
YOU CAME TO ME.
YOU CLEARLY
VALUE YOUR RELATIONSHIP.
WHAT YOU TWO
HAVE TOGETHER...
I UNDERSTAND THAT, PRESTON,
AND IT DOES MATTER.
SOME THINGS YOU SAY BECAUSE
THERE'S NO OTHER CHOICE.
***
I'VE GIVEN IT
A LOT OF CONSIDERATION,
AND I'VE DECIDED
TO MOVE TO SEATTLE.
MM, AND, UM, WELL, MEREDITH
WON'T BE AN ISSUE ANYMORE.
SHE'S OUT OF MY LIFE. IT'S--
WELL, IT'S TAKEN CARE OF.
WELL, I MUST SAY,
THIS IS, UM,
REMARKABLE PROGRESS.
I APPLAUD BOTH OF YOU.
YOU'VE, UM, TAKEN
A VERY SIGNIFICANT LEAP.
THAT'S WHAT MARRIAGE
IS ABOUT...
COMPROMISE, RIGHT?
YEAH, IT'S, UH, WELL,
IT'S ABOUT, UM, GIVE AND TAKE.
SOME THINGS
YOU KEEP TO YOURSELF.
SHE YELLED AT YOU?
OH, WE PROBABLY DESERVED IT.
WE SOLD...
$485 WORTH OF TICKETS
TO THE SURGERY.
YEAH.
DID YOU SELL MORE?
OH, YEAH.
(Izzie) OUT OF CONTROL.
(Meredith) HEY, JOE.
HEY.
***
SO YOU GUYS REALLY DON'T HAVE
ANYTHING ELSE TO TALK ABOUT.
NO.
AND NOT TOO OFTEN...
BUT EVERY NOW AND THEN...
WHAT?
SOME THINGS
SIMPLY SPEAK FOR THEMSELVES.
(gasps)
GOOD NIGHT.
SERIOUSLY.
(Joe) YOU GET A DOUBLE.
ALL RIGHT.
HIGH-FIVE.